Before we do anything else, we need to set up the course entity.
Most of this is going to be review.
So by virtue of just marking our class with the entity annotation, this class is going to map to a
table and using the table annotation, we can specify the name of that table, which is going to be
course.
All right, we've set up our table.
Now let's map each field to an appropriate column name.
So the column annotation is going to map a field to a column.
We'll call the column for this one ID This one will map to a column of subject knowable equals false.
This one will map to a column of code.
And description.
The field that maps to our primary key column must be assigned the at ID annotation.
Whenever we create a new course, the identity of that course needs to be auto generated, and we're
going to auto generate our value using the generated value annotation with a strategy of generation
type dot identity.
Looking good so far.
Nothing new.
And now, instead of an all ARGs constructor, we're going to define a required ARGs constructor.
Notice that at first we get an error.
That's because the No ARGs constructor is an empty constructor and we didn't specify any fields as required.
So this is going to be an empty constructor as well.
It assumes duplication, which is why we get an error.
What we'll have to do is specify the subject code and description as non null.
Or non nulla, I should say.
So during the creation of the course object, they must be given a value.
They are, quote unquote, required.
Now, I'm not really sure why it's doing this.
This is kind of weird.
And you know what?
I'm not really a big fan of inlay hints to begin with, so I'm going to go over to my preferences.
If you're using Windows and this happens, go to your file then preferences.
So I'll go to my preferences and settings.
I will type inlay in the search.
And disable in Lance.
All right.
And it's gone.
So now our constructor will expect three values.
Right now, we have a CRUD repository that can persist, update and delete students.
We have one that can persist, update and delete grades.
Now we need a crowd repository that can manage course entities.
So let's set that up.
I'm just going to copy what we have over here because I am pretty lazy.
We'll call this course repository.
It's going to manage course entities.
And we do not need any specialized queries in here.
Looks good.
Public interface.
All right.
So an implementation of this interface will automatically be created by spring.
That being will live inside the spring container and you can auto wire the course repository bean.
Actually, we don't need to auto wire it.
We can just define the field.
Of course.
Repository.
Course, repository.
And all our constructor is going to generate a constructor using all fields.
Spring is going to inject any beans into that constructor, which in turn will update your field and
perform your dependency injection.
So the CRUD repository will recall offers a save method, which we're going to use inside of our core
service implementation.
We'll say course, repository, dot, save whatever course that gets passed in and now we'll go back
inside the controller.
Inside of a safe course, we will say, let me define the core service field over here.
Of course, service core service dependency injection will happen automatically.
So now I can just say core service.
I'd say, of course.
Over here.
Looking good.
I can now run my app and make a post request.
Okay.
No errors.
We're looking good.
I'm going to save.
I believe our post payload in order to be set up.
I will send over this course.
And it creates a new course in our database.
Let me just make sure of that.
Press run.
I'm going to query the students first, followed by the grades, followed by the courses.
Beautiful.
We've got four students and one course.
Everything looks good so far.
Now, before we set up the logic for deleting a course, please download the text file that's inside
of your resources folder.
All right.
I'm assuming you did that inside of your run method.
Copy and paste the code that I gave you.
Loop through all of the course entities as we did over here.
Let's just copy this over courses.
Dot length here we'll say course suppository.
Oh.
And you know what?
Let's just auto wire it as well.
We're going to be removing this code at some point eventually once we deploy our app.
So we'll see.
Course repository.
Dot save whatever courses are inside this array.
So now every time we run our app.
It should populate our database with four students and seven courses.
Looking good.
Now we can set up the logic for deleting a course, so I'll go over to my core service implementation.
Here we will say course repository.
Di delete by ID whatever idea that gets passed in inside of my course controller.
In, say, core service, delete course, buy whatever ID that gets passed in.
Let's try it out.
I will go back here and delete the course that has an idea of one.
So charms.
Here.
It says local host 88 student It should say course, so please make sure to fix that if you happen to
use the same collection as me.
Have a look.
And it deletes it.
Beautiful.
Before we wrap up, we just have two more requests to handle and get course and get courses.
So going back over here.
The crowd repository offers a fine by ID method that we can use to find our course.
Oh, don't forget your doth get.
And over here what we can do is set course repository dot to find all that's going to return all entities
in an iterable.
Let's typecast that iterable to a list.
Returning that.
Okay.
Now, back inside of the course controller.
I will finalize all of these methods here.
I will say.
Course service.
Dot.
Um.
Get course.
And here I will say.
Course, service did get courses.
And here I seem to have the wrong return type.
This should be returning a list of courses that eventually get serialized into a JSON collection, not
just a course.
We're looking good now.
First, I'm going to get the course with an idea for history of magic.
So I will go on read course.
Get the course of an idea for that works perfectly.
Now I'm going to get all of the courses.
And it grabs every single course from our SQL database.
That is looking very good.
We didn't do anything new in this video, but we're basically setting ourselves up for the next lesson
because in the next lesson there's also going to be another mini to one relationship.
But between course and grade, because the existence of a grade, it only makes sense if there is a
student who the grade belongs to and if there is a course that the grade is based on.
So let's start setting up that relationship in the next lesson.